[Autogenerated] let us launch near again.
A.
Here we are welcome with an error message telling us that version.
Want that seven of the Java virtual machine is not suitable for this product,
and that version wondered.
Eight or greater is required.
Remember that it lives in the Java software.
So you need a Java installation on your machine for eclipse to Rhona,
whether you are on the windows machine, my caresses or line ex machina.
But having a simple Java installation is not enough.
You also need to have a recent version of Java wandered.
Seven is just too old.
How can you check that?
Let us get rid of this error, Miss Asia.
Well, you can just try to die.
Pena Java dash version And indeed, here we have a job, I wondered.
Seven Installation A.
Which is a too old for this version of eclipse.
Now, if you can change this version of Java toe wondered eight for Shanna.
You're good to go when this is what you should be doing.
By the way, Wondered seven is an obsolete version of devil.
You should not be using that anymore.
But if you're on a machine on which you cannot change that
version a Then you need to do something else.
Let us close.
And this one,
er visit the Eclipse Neon directory and checked for these cliffs
that any configuration file that a super in it.
And here just before the dash VM ogg za option,
we can type in a these option dash VM with a path to the java w dot xy
executable filer from within a Java installation.
Here we are declaring the J.
D.
K wanted 81 40 for subversion.
It is.
Savor this Violeta,
close this relaunch Eclipse knee Ana And now we are good to go. A cliffs neon is launching properly.